What are the two things that you learned form this assignment?

***)What are 2 things that you learned from this assignment?

The two concepts that I have learned from this assignment are :

1)co-ordination of the proccesses.

When all the proccesses start executing they need to be synchronized as per the schedule of the user designed system. 
Since more proccesses come to execute the proccesses need to execute in a sequence so as to be synchronized. The proccesses
need to execute in the sequential order one after the another as in counting the numbers from the n to 0. So I learn't that
this is the most important concept in the operating system, and this is how complicated the job of OS is to co-ordinate.
 

2)Semaphores and Polling

I also understood the two major concepts of the semaphores and the polling which can be used to synchronize the proccesses.
With respect to the polling I came to know how the real world architecture of the operating system is designed, and for example in
a smartphone if the process needs to check messages then it has to continously check if the message has been arrived.
With repsect to the semaphores I came to understand the concepts of the wait and the signal. Wait will decreament the semaphore 
value and add the process to the waiting queue. Signal will increament the semaphore value and then calls the process to execute.

I also additionally came to know why we need to declare the variable as the volatile, if we declare the variable as volatile then
the variable will be excluded to be optimized from the compiler and the variable value can be modified outside the main process by the 
other proccesses.

***)What are 2 mistakes that you made in this assignment, and how did you discover and fix these mistakes?

The two mistakes that I made from the assignment where :

1) Declartion of the variable as the volatile.

==> Initially I had declared one of the variable as only normal int, as this will have the value subject to the compiler optimization 
then the value might be modified. So we need to declare the variable as the volatile, as the global variables might not have the
 correct values if they are modified by the multiple processes. After, I had executed the program by declaring the variables as 
 volatile then the values were correct.

2) Mistake with respect to the Semaphore. 
    
==> The next mistake was that I had made the mistake in synchronizing the proccesses using the semaphores. The sempahore need to 
be synchronized correctly by understanding the concepts of the wait and signal, which I later studied and understood by watching the video.
in the link as mentioned below: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GnLLXPjLN4

***)If you were restarting this assignment, what would you change about how you went about completing this assignment?

==> If I am restarting the assignment then I would walk over the libraries at first which are included and needed for working on the code, as I had
    the problem of reading the command line arguments using the strtol, and I had used the other function called as atoi, which has the limited error 
    handling capabilities. 
    
==> I would also make sure that the global variables are declared and initialized correctly with the volatile key word so as to get the 
    correct values.
 
==> I would make sure that the separate functions are initialized and correctly executed in the other process_ring.c function, as when I had started the assignment
    I had written everything in one code, and modifying it was cumbersome.


